I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised.
Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands.
Parallel lines have so much in common. It's a shame they'll never meet.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.
Why don't skeletons fight each other? They don't have the guts.
I told my computer I needed a break, and now it won't stop sending me Kit-Kats.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
Why did the bicycle fall over? It was two tired.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
I'm terrified of elevators, so I'm taking steps to avoid them.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.
Why did the math book look sad? Because it had too many problems.
I tried to sue the airport for losing my luggage. I lost my case.
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the P is silent.
I have a joke about construction, but I'm still working on it.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
I'm friends with 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
I have a phobia of over-engineered buildings. It's a complex complex complex.
What do you call a dinosaur that crashes his car? Tyrannosaurus Wrecks.
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun went. Then it dawned on me.
Why don't oysters donate to charity? Because they're shellfish.
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
Why did the stadium get hot after the game? All the fans left.
What do you call a dog that does magic tricks? A labracadabrador.
I have a joke about time travel, but you didn't like it.
Why don't scientists trust stairs? They're always up to something.
What did one wall say to the other wall? I'll meet you at the corner.
I'm reading a book on the history of glue. I just can't seem to put it down.
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing.
What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time.
I told a chemistry joke. There was no reaction.
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? Because it felt crumbly.
What's a vampire's favorite fruit? A blood orange.
I have a joke about pizza, but it's too cheesy.
Why don't programmers like nature? It has too many bugs.
What do you call a snowman with a six-pack? An abdominal snowman.
I have a split personality, said Tom, being frank.
Why did the man run around his bed? To catch up on his sleep.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
I'm writing a book about hurricanes. It's only a draft.
Why did the chicken join a band? Because it had the drumsticks.
What do you call a group of disorganized cats? A cat-astrophe.
I have a fear of speed bumps, but I'm slowly getting over it.
Why don't melons get married? Because they cantaloupe.
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing, it just let out a little wine.
I'm trying to organize a hide and seek tournament, but good players are hard to find.
Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn't see himself doing it.
What do you call a magic dog? A labracadabrador.
I had a dream I was a muffler. I woke up exhausted.
Why did the frog take the bus to work? His car got toad away.
What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backwards? A receding hare-line.
I bought a ceiling fan the other day. Complete waste of money. He just stands there applauding and saying "Ooh, I love how smooth it is."
Why don't skeletons go trick or treating? They have no body to go with.
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers.
I have a joke about a broken pencil, but it's pointless.
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
What do you call a boomerang that won't come back? A stick.
I'm so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed.
Why did the computer go to the doctor? Because it had a virus.
What do you call a lazy kangaroo? A pouch potato.
I have a joke about unemployment, but it needs more work.
Why don't some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don't work out.
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between you and me, something smells.
I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can feel it.
Why did the melon jump into the lake? It wanted to be a watermelon.
What do you call a pile of cats? A meowtain.
I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes. She gave me a hug.
Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing.
What do you call a deer with no eyes? No idea.
I have a joke about paper, but it's tearable.
Why don't lobsters share? Because they're shellfish.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh.
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already.
Why did the gym close down? It just didn't work out.
What do you call a bear in the rain? A drizzly bear.
I have a joke about sodium, but Na.
Why did the student eat his homework? Because the teacher told him it was a piece of cake.
What do you call a sleeping dinosaur? A dino-snore.
I'm friends with almost all of the letters in the alphabet. I don't know y.
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn't peeling well.
What do you call a singing laptop? A Dell.
I have a joke about butter, but I'm not going to spread it.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth? He drank his coffee before it was cool.
What do you call a cow during an earthquake? A milkshake.
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
Why did the mushroom go to the party? Because he was a fungi.
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.
I have a joke about wind, but it blows.
Why did the tree go to the dentist? To get a root canal.
What do you call a dog magician? A labracadabrador.
I'm reading a book about teleportation. It's bound to take me places.
Why did the policeman go to the baseball game? He heard someone stole a base.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products? A satisfactory.
I have a joke about infinity, but it doesn't have an ending.
Why did the scarecrow become a successful neurosurgeon? He was outstanding in his field.
What do you call a snake that works for the government? A civil serpent.
I'm reading a book about gravity. It's impossible to put down.
Why did the math teacher break up with the history teacher? There was no chemistry.
What do you call a sleeping pizza? A piZZZZa.
I have a joke about amnesia, but I forgot how it goes.
Why did the cookie cry? Because his mother was a wafer so long.
What do you call a belt with a watch on it? A waist of time.
I'm writing a song about tortillas. Actually, it's more of a wrap.
Why did the duck go to rehab? He was a quack addict.
What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop.
I have a joke about gardening, but I haven't botany.
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
What do you call a computer that sings? A Dell.
I'm reading a book about mazes. I got lost in it.
Why did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction.
Why did the man put his money in the freezer? He wanted cold hard cash.
What do you call a sad coffee? Depresso.
I'm on a new diet where I only eat photos. I've lost 20 pounds so far, but I'm still developing.
Why did the skeleton go to the party alone? He had no body to go with him.
What do you call a line of rabbits walking backwards? A receding hare line.
I have a joke about trains, but it keeps getting derailed.
Why did the photon refuse to check luggage? It was traveling light.
What do you call a shoe made of a banana? A slipper.
I'm reading about the history of stairs. It's quite a step up from my usual reading.
Why did the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired of lying down.
What do you call a fish that practices medicine? A sturgeon.
I have a joke about elevators, but it works on many levels.
Why did the orange stop in the middle of the road? It ran out of juice.
What do you call a group of musical whales? An orca-stra.
I'm trying to write jokes about unemployment, but none of them work.
Why did the stadium get hot? All the fans left.
What do you call a dinosaur that is sleeping? A dino-snore.
I have a joke about recycling, but it's garbage.
Why did the coffee go to the police? To report a mugging.
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
I'm reading a book on reverse psychology. Please don't read it.
Why did the bicycle refuse to stand up? It was two tired.
What do you call a dinosaur at the rodeo? A bronco-saurus.
I have a joke about vegetables, but it's too corny.
Why did the photo go to jail? Because it was framed.
What do you call a sleeping priest? A holy napper.
I'm writing a book about clocks. It's about time.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn't see that well.
What do you call a bear caught in the rain? A drizzly bear.
I have a joke about paper towels, but it's tearable.
Why did the computer catch a cold? It left Windows open.
What do you call a fake stone in Ireland? A sham rock.
I'm reading a book about submarines. It's deep.
Why did the smartphone go to school? To improve its reception.
What do you call a musical insect? A humbug.
I have a joke about retirement, but it doesn't work anymore.
Why did the calendar go to therapy? It had too many dates.
What do you call a sleeping bag? A nap sack.
I'm writing a book about hurricanes and tornadoes. It's a whirlwind of emotions.
Why did the firefly get bad grades? It wasn't very bright.
What do you call a potato wearing glasses? A spec-tater.
I have a joke about quicksand, but I don't want anyone to get sucked into it.
Why did the stadium get cold? Too many fans left.
What do you call a chicken staring at lettuce? A chicken Caesar salad.
I'm reading a book about mountains. It's a riveting peak experience.
Why did the banana split? Because it saw the ice cream sundae.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
I have a joke about a roof, but it's over your head.
Why did the computer go to art school? To improve its graphics.
What do you call a snake that's exactly 3.14 meters long? A python.
I'm writing a joke about the ocean, but it's too current.
Why did the golfer bring an extra shirt? In case he got a hole in one.
What do you call a sheep covered in chocolate? A candy baa.
I have a joke about oxygen and potassium, but it's OK.
Why did the belt go to jail? For holding up pants.
What do you call a sleeping owl? An owl nighter.
I'm reading a book backwards. It's about time travel.
Why did the gym close? It just didn't work out.
What do you call a bear with no ears? B.
